ACKNOWLEDGEMENT.md, before:

# ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

The project has come far not because the founders did it alone, but because of the support we have recieved along the way, both tangible and intagible. We want to create a continual appreciation list dedicated to thanking people, institutions and others who have helped us in one way or the other for the project's progress. 

We need some [donation](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10gl1o6-928naqiFTMMYLVYI6dKCafpDw/view?usp=sharing), we ask that if you can kindly support, do reach out to us. 

We want to thank the following; 

- Emeritus Professors D.E.K. Amenumey and G.K. Nukunya, who we have met in person before. They counselled us on researching. 

- Organisation for Research on Eweland (O.R.E.), whose publications has helped us in developing our foundational content. 

- James S. Dzisah, Associate Professor with the Department of Sociology, University of Ghana (Legon). He has provided advice and recording venue. 

- Mabel Nunekpeku, a post-graduate linguistics student, who has being very instrumental in developing the literacy lessons. 

- Etornam Sunnu, A Google Developer Expert. He is the first contributor and maintainer invited to the project.

Commit message:

Inserting thanks of Kweku Oppong

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT.md, after:

# ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

The project has come far not because the founders did it alone, but because of the support we have recieved along the way, both tangible and intangible. We want to create a continual appreciation list dedicated to thanking people, institutions and others who have helped us in one way or the other for the project's progress. 

We need some [donation](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10gl1o6-928naqiFTMMYLVYI6dKCafpDw/view?usp=sharing), we ask that if you can kindly support, do reach out to us. 

We want to thank the following; 

- Emeritus Professors D.E.K. Amenumey and G.K. Nukunya, who we have met in person before. They counselled us on researching. 

- Organisation for Research on Eweland (O.R.E.), whose publications has helped us in developing our foundational content.

- Mr. Kweku Oppong, a business manager and philanthropist, for donating the project's first recorder, a Zomm H6. 

- James S. Dzisah, Associate Professor with the Department of Sociology, University of Ghana (Legon). He has provided advice and recording venue. 

- Mabel Nunekpeku, a post-graduate linguistics student, who has being very instrumental in developing the literacy lessons. 

- Etornam Sunnu, A Google Developer Expert. He is the first contributor and maintainer invited to the project.
