CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# General Contribution

The project welcomes anyone to make a contribution.

This page explains the general contribution guidelines. Respective repositories may have additional contribution guidelines but that will be an extension to this document. The guidelines on this page will seek continuous improvement as the project matures. 

Contributions are divided in levels. Some contributors will belong to teams. Teams will partly influence the direction of the project in the abscence of a matured governance model. 

It is alright to start your contribution from the first step (App User). However, if one is technically proficient to contribute on a higher level, you are eoncuraged to find a way to climb up the guideline structure. The contribution levels are as follows;

### App Users
- You are encuraged to consume content on the mobile app. 
- Evangelise the project to attract new audience. 

### Upcoming Contributors
- Assist in documentation on any repository.
- Assist in triage. 
- Fixing minor issues on any repository.

### Level Contributors
- Add features to any repository.
- Assisting with project infrastructure development. 

### Maintainer
- Committing code.
- Implementing project infrastructure details.

### Core Contributor
Core contributors will consist of three teams. Teams are Engineering, Community and Content. 
- Engineering team will be cater for the project's technical infrastructure. 
- Community team will cater for the overall community engagement effort.
- Content team will cater for the content experience.

Commit message:

adding linktree link and some text changes

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# General Contribution

The project welcomes anyone to make a contribution.

This page explains the general contribution guidelines. Respective repositories may have additional contribution guidelines but that will be an extension to this document. The guidelines on this page will seek continuous improvement as the project matures. 

Contributions are divided in levels. Some contributors will belong to teams. Teams will partly influence the direction of the project in the abscence of a matured governance model. 

It is alright to start your contribution from the first step (App User). However, if one is technically proficient to contribute on a higher level, you are eoncuraged to find a way to climb up the guideline structure. The contribution levels are as follows;

### Interested Contributor
- You are encouraged to consume the few produced content on [our Linktree](https://linktr.ee/eweviwo). 
- Evangelise the project to attract new audience. 

### Upcoming Contributors
- Assist in documentation on any repository.
- Assist in triage. 
- Fixing minor issues on any repository.

### Level Contributors
- Add features to any repository.
- Assisting with project infrastructure development. 

### Maintainer
- Committing code.
- Implementing project infrastructure details.

### Core Contributor
Core contributors will consist of three teams. Teams are Engineering, Community and Content. 
- Engineering team will cater for the project's technical infrastructure. 
- Community team will cater for the overall community engagement effort.
- Content team will cater for the content experience.
