README.md, before:


# Eʋeviwó (Eweviwo)




## Title Meaning

Eʋeviwó is an Eʋe phrase whiles its spelling in paranthesis (Eweviwo) is a unicode derivation to make it internet addressable for 	the project's application needs.

Eʋeviwó consists of three Eʋe words, which are Eʋe, vi and wó. Eʋe (or Ewe, as written in English context) is an African language, vi means child and wó serves as a plural marker in Eʋe. The words can come together as 'Children of Ewe', 'Ewe Children' or metaphorically 'Descendants of Ewe People'. 

The inspiration to name the project that way was borne out of the humility of the constant learning experience of life. In trying to learn about a subject, you become a student of it. There are many philosophies and proverbs around the world that overlap the child and student within the universal learning experience. We want to observe, ask and listen as ardent children in this project. 
## Project Description

At its core, the project is about [Ghanaian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghana) Eʋe cultural education. The aim is to make our cultural content more accessible to a new generation of Ewes around the world by using modern collaboration tools. 

The project majorly involves a learning and a contribution section broken down into sub parts to make its architecture of standing out in building a formidable knowledge base. 

The learning section requires less technicality as its steps are similar to downloading any mobile app in the world and consuming its content on your phone. The contribution section invites anyone to work on any part of the learning experience, knowledge management, production management, application programming, project development and other advancement. 

Contribution from anyone will be guided by standards which will also be openly managed. 
## Welcoming Everyone

The project will bring up anxiety or inadequacies in some self-reflection. Some self-reflection can be your fluency level in the language, whether you can read and write the language, whether you are familiar or not with the Volta Region (Ghana) landscape, whether you liked to be called by your Ewe name or not, whether you are interested in or not about clarifying any misperception among many others. 

There are many others out there who are non-Ewes but have some affinity by great friendships, marriages, want to adopt Ewe children, have interest in staying in Volta Region (Ghana) or have always being intellectually curious about Ewe people. 

There are people out there who are looking for an experience of learning something new. They have never heard about the Ewe language before or ethnic group. We like them to pause for  minute before they consider putting Mt. Everest or getting on a hot air balloon at the top of their list. 

To everyone described above includng Ewe people, we cordially invite you.  
## What is the motivation?

The founders of this project are [Woxoge](https://www.facebook.com/vdumashie) and [Dziedzorm](https://x.com/ocloothinks)

We are bred in the city for much of our lives and have found gaps about our own cultural knowledge set. This realisation was more than five year ago. As much as we will often laugh at our selves over time about our ignorance, we also realised it was not a laughing matter in the big picture and neded to do something about it to be in a place where we can socialise our children in the future. We begun to be spurred on by this self awareness, how are we going to socilaise our children. 

Starting the podcast series in 2023, we wrote [a piece](https://eweviwo.substack.com/p/corporate-culture-and-self-transcendence) on why we took this journey. 

Starting this open source project in 2024, we wrote [another piece](https://eweviwo.substack.com/p/open-sourcing-eeviwo) on why we taking this approach.
## What problem does it solve?

The project will increase accessibility to (Ghanaian) Ewe cultural knowledge and reduce the mean time to socialise someone or be socialised yourself. 
## How to use the project

You can simply download the app in any of the app stores. Currently it is unreleased. 
## How to contribute to the project

Kindly click on the CONTRIBUTING.MD file to read its content.

Commit message:

links and section update
corrected grammar, added home page link and breakdown page.

README.md, after:


# Eʋeviwó (Eweviwo)




## Title Meaning

Eʋeviwó is an Eʋe phrase whiles its spelling in paranthesis (Eweviwo) is a unicode derivation to make it internet addressable for 	the project's application needs.

Eʋeviwó consists of three Eʋe words, which are Eʋe, vi and wó. Eʋe (or Ewe, as written in English context) is an African language, vi means child and wó serves as a plural marker in Eʋe. The words can come together as 'Children of Ewe', 'Ewe Children' or metaphorically 'Descendants of Ewe People'. 

The inspiration to name the project that way was borne out of the humility of the constant learning experience of life. In trying to learn about a subject, you become a student of it. There are many philosophies and proverbs around the world that overlap the child and student within the universal learning experience. We want to observe, ask and listen as ardent children in this project. 
## Project Description

At its core, the project is about [Ghanaian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghana) Eʋe cultural education. The aim is to make our cultural content more accessible to a new generation of Ewes around the world by using modern collaboration tools. 

The project majorly involves a learning and a contribution section broken down into sub parts to make its architecture of standing out in building a formidable knowledge base. 

The learning section requires less technicality as its steps are similar to downloading any mobile app in the world and consuming its content on your phone. The contribution section invites anyone to work on any part of the learning experience, knowledge management, production management, application programming, project development and other advancement. 

Contribution from anyone will be guided by standards which will also be openly managed. 
## Welcoming Everyone

The project will bring up anxiety or inadequacies in some self-reflection. Some self-reflection can be your fluency level in the language, whether you can read and write the language, whether you are familiar or not with the Volta Region (Ghana) landscape, whether you like to be called by your Ewe name or not, whether you are interested in or not about clarifying any misperception among many others. 

There are many others out there who are non-Ewes but have some affinity by great friendships, marriages, want to adopt Ewe children, have interest in staying in Volta Region (Ghana) or have always being intellectually curious about Ewe people. 

There are people out there who are looking for an experience of learning something new. They have never heard about the Ewe language before or ethnic group. We like them to pause for  minute before they consider putting Mt. Everest or getting on a hot air balloon at the top of their list. 

To everyone described above includng Ewe people, we cordially invite you.  
## What is the motivation?

The founders of this project are [Woxoge](https://www.facebook.com/vdumashie) and [Dziedzorm](https://x.com/ocloothinks)

We are bred in the city for much of our lives and have found gaps about our own cultural knowledge set. This realisation was more than five year ago. As much as we will often laugh at our selves over time about our ignorance, we also realised it was not a laughing matter in the big picture and neded to do something about it to be in a place where we can socialise our children in the future. We begun to be spurred on by this self awareness, how are we going to socilaise our children. 

Starting the podcast series in 2023, we wrote [a piece](https://eweviwo.substack.com/p/corporate-culture-and-self-transcendence) on why we took this journey. 

Starting this open source project in 2024, we wrote [another piece](https://eweviwo.substack.com/p/open-sourcing-eeviwo) on why we taking this approach.
## What problem does it solve?

The project will increase accessibility to (Ghanaian) Ewe cultural knowledge and reduce the mean time to socialise someone or be socialised yourself. 
## How to use the project

You can simply download the app in any of the major app stores (Android & Apple) on [our home page](https://linktr.ee/eweviwo). 
## How to contribute to the project

We encourage any prospective contributor to to begin by visiting [the breakdown page](https://github.com/eweviwo/central/blob/main/BREAKDOWN.md) of the project.
